https://piholeblocklistsweb.serverobot.de/blacklist/blacklist.txt
https://piholeblocklistsweb.serverobot.de/blacklist/porn.txt # block porn
https://piholeblocklistsweb.serverobot.de/blacklist/phish.txt # block phish
https://piholeblocklistsweb.serverobot.de/blacklist/ads.txt # block ads
https://piholeblocklistsweb.serverobot.de/blacklist/tracking.txt # block tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/hosts
https://raw.github.com/notracking/hosts-blocklists/master/hostnames.txt# block tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wlqY8gkVb9w1Ck5MVD4lBre9nWJez8/W10TelemetryBlocklist/master/W10TelemetryBlocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crazy-max/WindowsSpyBlocker/master/data/hosts/spy.txt # block windows tracking
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Easyprivacy.txt
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_tracking.txt
https://gitlab.com/quidsup/notrack-blocklists/raw/master/notrack-blocklist.txt
https://www.github.developerdan.com/hosts/lists/ads-and-tracking-extended.txt
https://hostfiles.frogeye.fr/firstparty-trackers-hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/combined_disguised_trackers_justdomains.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Monstanner/DuckDuckGo-Fakeshops-Blocklist/main/Blockliste
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anudeepND/blacklist/master/adservers.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Easylist.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Ads.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/AdguardDNS.txt
https://adaway.org/hosts.txt # block ads
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_ad.txt # block ads
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/UncheckyAds/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/domains/light.txt
https://gitlab.com/quidsup/notrack-blocklists/raw/master/notrack-malware.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Malware.txt # block malware
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_malvertising.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Spam404/lists/master/main-blacklist.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Risk/hosts
https://osint.digitalside.it/Threat-Intel/lists/latestdomains.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PolishFiltersTeam/KADhosts/master/KADomains.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/Alternate%20versions%20Anti-Malware%20List/AntiMalwareHosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Spam/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/notserious
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/Streaming
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/Phishing-Angriffe # block phishing
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/spam.mails
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/Win10Telemetry # block windows Telementry
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/easylist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/samsung # block samsung tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock1 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock2 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock3 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock4 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock5 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock6 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/proxies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/gambling
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/child-protection
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/crypto # block crypto
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/Fake-Science
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/Corona-Blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/malware # block malware
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/MS-Office-Telemetry # block Office tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/Phishing-Angriffe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting4 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-0-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-0-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-1-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-1-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-1-Teil-3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-2-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-2-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-3-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-3-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-3-Teil-3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-4-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-4-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-5-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-5-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-5-Teil-3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-6-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-6-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-7-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-7-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-7-Teil-3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-7-Teil-4 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-8-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-8-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-8-Teil-3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-8-Teil-4 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-9-Teil-1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-9-Teil-2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-9-Teil-3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-9-Teil-4 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Volks-und-Raiffeisenbank/VR-PLZ-9-Teil-5 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/BadenWuertemberg1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/BadenWuertemberg2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/BadenWuertemberg3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/BadenWuertemberg4 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Bayern1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Bayern2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Bayern3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Bayern4 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Berlin # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Brandenburg # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Hamburg # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Hessen1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Hessen2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Hessen3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/MecklenburgVorpommern # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/NRW1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/NRW2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/NRW3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/NRW4 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/NRW5 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/NRW6 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/NRW7 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Niedersachsen1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Niedersachsen2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Niedersachsen3 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/RheinlandPfalz1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/RheinlandPfalz2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Saarland # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Sachsen1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Sachsen2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/SachsenAnhalt # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/SchleswigHolstein # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Thueringen1 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/DomainSquatting/DE/Sparkasse/Thueringen2 # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namePlayer/dhl-scamlist/main/dns-blocklists/pihole-blacklist # block scams
https://www.einmalzahlungzweihundert.de/bl-einmalzahlung.txt # block scams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PolishFiltersTeam/KADhosts/master/KADhosts.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/static/w3kbl.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Admiral.txt
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&showintro=0&mimetype=plaintext
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigdargon/hostsVN/master/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.2o7Net/hosts
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Crypto.txt # block crypto
https://bitbucket.org/ethanr/dns-blacklists/raw/8575c9f96e5b4a1308f2f12394abd86d0927a4a0/bad_lists/Mandiant_APT1_Report_Appendix_D.txt
https://phishing.army/download/phishing_army_blocklist_extended.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/RPiList-Malware.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/RPiList-Phishing.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AssoEchap/stalkerware-indicators/master/generated/hosts
https://zerodot1.gitlab.io/CoinBlockerLists/hosts_browser
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chadmayfield/my-pihole-blocklists/master/lists/pi_blocklist_porn_top1m.list # block porn
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Adult.txt # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matomo-org/referrer-spam-blacklist/master/spammers.txt # block scams
https://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VeleSila/yhosts/master/hosts
https://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.txt
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/neohostsbasic.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RooneyMcNibNug/pihole-stuff/master/SNAFU.txt
https://paulgb.github.io/BarbBlock/blacklists/hosts-file.txt
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&showintro=0&mimetype=plaintext # block ads
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jdlingyu/ad-wars/master/hosts
https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/downloads/hostfile/
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/phishing-filter-hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/cname-cloaking-blocklist/master/domains
https://easylist.to/easylist/easylist.txt
https://easylist.to/easylist/easyprivacy.txt
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-cookiemonster.txt
https://easylist.to/easylist/fanboy-social.txt
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-annoyance.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/ads-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/crypto-nl.txt # block crypto
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/abuse-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/drugs-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/fraud-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/gambling-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/malware-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/phishing-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/piracy-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/porn-nl.txt # block porn
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/ransomware-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/redirect-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/scam-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/torrent-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/tracking-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/smart-tv-nl.txt
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/alt-version/vaping-nl.txt
https://nsfw.oisd.nl # block porn
https://big.oisd.nl
https://small.oisd.nl
https://www.github.developerdan.com/hosts/lists/ads-and-tracking-extended.txt
https://www.github.developerdan.com/hosts/lists/tracking-aggressive-extended.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sekhan/TheGreatWall/master/TheGreatWall.txt
http://www.malwaredomainlist.com/hostslist/hosts.txt
https://isc.sans.edu/feeds/suspiciousdomains_High.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jonschipp/mal-dnssearch/master/mandiant_apt1.dns
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/master/torrent-clients
https://github.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/raw/master/torrent-trackers
https://github.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/raw/master/torrent-websites
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deathbybandaid/piholeparser/master/Subscribable-Lists/ParsedBlacklists/Block-EU-Cookie-Shit-List.txt # block Cookies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deathbybandaid/piholeparser/master/Subscribable-Lists/ParsedBlacklists/Prebake-Obtrusive.txt # block Cookies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mtxadmin/ublock/master/hosts.txt # block Cookies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stamparm/maltrail/master/trails/static/suspicious/dynamic_domain.txt # block dynamic-domains
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CyanideBrother/anti-pr0n/master/hosts # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/alternates/porn-only/hosts # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chadmayfield/my-pihole-blocklists/master/lists/pi_blocklist_porn_all.list # block porn
https://adaway.org/hosts.txt # block mobile ad
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&showintro=0&mimetype=plaintext # block ad
https://perflyst.github.io/PiHoleBlocklist/android-tracking.txt # block android tracking
https://perflyst.github.io/PiHoleBlocklist/AmazonFireTV.txt # block firetv tracking
https://perflyst.github.io/PiHoleBlocklist/SessionReplay.txt # block Session Replay
https://perflyst.github.io/PiHoleBlocklist/SmartTV.txt # block Smart TV tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/master/torrent-websites # block torrent websites
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/master/torrent-trackers # block torrent trackers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/master/torrent-clients # block torrent clients
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/master/streaming-video # block video piracy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/master/streaming-audio # block music piracy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/master/file-hosting # block piracy file hosting
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/master/proxies # block piracy proxies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/dns-bypass-methods/main/tor # block tor
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/alexa # block alexa tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/windows # block windows tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/samsung # block samsung tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/apple # block apple tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/huawei # block huawei tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/roku # block roku tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/sonos # block sonos tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/xiaomi # block xiaomi tracking