https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/ads.txt # my block ads list
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/afd.txt # my block afd list
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/fire-tv.txt # my fire TV list
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/ip-logger.txt # my iplogger blocklist
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/malware.txt # my malware blocklist
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/nft.txt # my nft/crypto scam blocklist
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/phish.txt # my block phishing list
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/porn.txt # my block porn list
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/right-web.txt # block right websites
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/smart-home.txt # my block smart home tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/smart-tv.txt # my smart tv tracking blocklist
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/tracking.txt # my block tracking list
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/ultimate-pihole-list/list/blacklist/windows-tracking.txt # my block windows tracking list
https://www.github.developerdan.com/hosts/lists/ads-and-tracking-extended.txt
https://phishing.army/download/phishing_army_blocklist.txt
https://big.oisd.nl/
https://nsfw.oisd.nl/
https://easylist.to/easylist/easylist.txt
https://easylist.to/easylist/easyprivacy.txt
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-annoyance.txt
https://www.technoy.de/lists/xporn.txt # block porn
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Adult.txt # block porn
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/StevenBlack/hosts/alternates/porn-only/hosts # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock1 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock2 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock3 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock4 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock5 # block porn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/pornblock6 # block porn
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/domains/alexa # block native alexa tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/domains/apple # block native apple tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/domains/huawei # blocking native huawei tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/domains/roku # block native roku tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/domains/samsung # block native samsung tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/domains/sonos # block native sonos tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/domains/windows # block native windows tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/domains/xiaomi # block native xiaomi tracking
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/file-hosting # block piracy filehosting
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/streaming-audio # block piracy audio hosting
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/streaming-video # block piracy video hosting
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/proxies # block piracy proxies
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/torrent-clients # block torrent clients
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/torrent-trackers # block torrent tracker
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/torrent-websites # block torrent websites
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nextdns/piracy-blocklists/dht-bootstrap-nodes # block piracy bootstracp notes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/spam.mails # block spam mails
